[17520] Enabled ROS2 typesupport by default when available (#50)
eProsima/Shapes-Demo-Docs: docs/installation/linux_sources.rst

    .. code-block:: bash

        ShapesDemo

.. note::
   When eProsima Shapes Demo is compiled with ROS 2 and the
   `Shapes Demo TypeSupport <https://github.com/eProsima/ShapesDemo-TypeSupport>`_, the "Use ROS2 Topics"

>    checkbox (see :ref:`examples_ros2_compatibility`) is enabled by default.

Reviewer: I don't think we should mention the checkbox here, just say that it will start automatically in ROS 2 mode and maybe that execution mode can be changed.

    .. code-block:: bash

        ShapesDemo

.. note::
   When eProsima Shapes Demo is compiled with ROS 2 and the
   `Shapes Demo TypeSupport <https://github.com/eProsima/ShapesDemo-TypeSupport>`_, it will start automatically
   in ROS 2 mode.

>    This execution mode can be changed using a configuration checkbox (see :ref:`examples_ros2_compatibility`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This execution mode can be changed using the `Use ROS 2 Topics` checkbox on the `Options > Participant Configuration` dialog (For more information, please refer to :ref:`examples_ros2_compatibility`).
```
